CrossEncoderScore: -3.6647210121154785
Score: 1.2341161966323853
File: aethlon_8ka.txt
Chunk ID: 22

akes as Interim Chief Executive Officer
and Guy F. Cipriani as Chief Operating Officer
Effective as of the Effective Date, Mr. Frakes,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, was appointed as (i) Interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company, replacing Dr. Fisher, and
(ii) a member of the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”). Mr. Frakes will additionally remain as Chief Financial
Officer of the Company. Effective as of the Effective Date, Guy F. Cipriani, formerly Senior Vice President and Chief Business Officer
of the Company, (i) was appointed as the Company’s Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer and (ii) resigned from the
Board.
The biographies of Mr. Frakes and Mr. Cipriani
are incorporated herein by reference to the “Information About Our Board of Directors and Executive Officers” section of the
Company’s definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the SEC on July 27, 2023 (the “Proxy Statement”).
On December 12, 2018, the Company entered into
an executive employment agreement with Mr. Frakes (the “Frakes Employment Agreement”) that provided for an initial annual
base salary of $260,000. Mr. Frakes’ annual base salary was increased by the Board to $360,000, effective January 1, 2023.
In addition, the Frakes Employment Agreement provides that Mr. Frakes is eligible for an annual cash performance bonus for each year.
Whether Mr. Frakes receives an annual bonus for any given year, and the amount of any such annual bonus, will be determined in the discretion
of the Board (or the Compensation Committee thereof), based upon the Company’s and Mr. Frakes’ achievement of objectives and
milestones to be determined on an annual basis by the Board (or Compensation Committee thereof). The Frakes Employment Agreement also
provides that if Mr. Frakes’ employment is terminated without cause, or if he resigns for good reason (each as defined in the agreement),
then Mr.